hello to all Nerazzurri friends welcome
and 105 I want you to see how to play
first of all it is played through the site
inter.it then you play every week
you play through the site you need
register accept the regulation
enter if you want to win the prizes
subscribe to inter channel yours
customer code or smart card enter
in the section read regulation
look carefully at the awards try to understand
how well the formula works
week three questions given of
answers give me more points and if
wrong points in less attention
think well how to give the answers every
week we have a stage winner
weekly the first classified
if you are in many draws at the same draw
of the notary and then the possibility also
for all those who have played of
win a prize just because they have
played this applies to every week
a weekly ranking is generated
but also a general classification that
will lead more and more to see someone
very high and someone very low
and at the end of the same week
we will have the most in the general classification
good of all and will be more than one
draw of the notary but as always
chance to win by merit
or simply by chance if
participated as inter subscribers
channel and give us advice for
improve ours and yours
television the possibility of going to
dinner with Captains
if you are not really subscribers because it is
in short your manager of
condominium does not let you put the dish
on the roof you say you will participate
however you can still win with the
logic of the notary draw ed
extraction the possibility of seeing one
next season's game
comment setting next to
undersigned attention that ios elbow e
so when there are goals I get upset
prepare yourself well in that case does not remain
this point to understand if you are looking for the
challenge of the ready to play 105 inter
the challenge
Inter channel test for only 4 euros per
seven days and then you're free of
decide whether to subscribe to buy for
all the information press the key
first row of your remote control
go to sky.it or call 19 9 11 44 00
try inter channel and then choose sky i
free to